Think about the area under the curve of utility that you could contribute to society, and everything else is simulacrum. It is not real. When you think about SBF, when you think about Theranos, when you think about the things that truly disgrace us as people who create technology, when you peel back a little bit, you realize there's nothing. It was a fucking lie. I don't want that for us. People outside of this room, the world at large looks at tech, and they hate us sometimes because those are the people who represent us. And I say not for me. They don't represent us. Welcome to another episode of the Light Cone. This time we're doing it live. We're not used to doing it in front of a studio audience. So we thought we would start off with a controversial topic. This is something that a bunch of people who are at this conference have been, I don't know, just talking about coming to us to talk about. Is this the last window to get rich? Are you worried about this? Are you guys worried about this? Is this the end of capitalism? What's what's happening? I feel like, no. Mom gets stopped to exist with the EGI. They they won't they won't admit to it. But in private conversations, this is one of the topics that certainly we've been debating. Yeah. What know, why is this coming up, actually? Seems like at least when we speak to people replying to IC who are kinda like members of the audience, there's a real sense of uncertainty created by AI right now. Right? Like, there's things like the sense of will the jobs that we thought would be there be available? And if we're not if they're not, like, kinda what do we do? And if we're not sort of if we don't owe have real ownership in something that's, like, valuable and growing, like, what will we be left with? But that seems to be the thing that comes up a lot. I had dinner with some undergrads who were here last night, and they were saying that this is one of the things that people are talking about a lot on college campuses. It's like, hey. The AI has gone really good at programming now. What's gonna happen to all the programming jobs? Like, it used to be the case that if you were a CS major, there is a very clear path to, like, a very stable, like, upper middle class background where you get, like, a good stable job as a as a programmer. But, like, are those jobs still gonna be here in ten years? Like yeah. Yeah. Like, my my parents were really proud when I, you know, graduating. I, you know, got my degree. And then I got my job at Microsoft, and I was a level fifty nine PM, you know, lowest of the low. But I had health insurance, and my parents were really, really proud of me. And, you know, one of the fears, frankly, like, that we're hearing, and it's sort of, you know, coming out in the numbers, is that will there actually be jobs? I I think it's a tricky thing right now. With the advent of intelligence, you know, some of the simplest things that people rely on entry level people right out of college for, they're not hiring as many of them anymore. And, you know, the craziest stat I think this came out of the New York Fed in February. Computer science majors you know, obviously, this is not the people in this room. This is just, like, out of, like, you know, a normal distribution of all computer science majors, 6.1% in unemployment in February. Art history, in contrast, was only three point o percent. Wait. You're saying that the unemployment rate of art history majors is lower than the unemployment rate of CS majors? Unbelievably. But that's what the stat indicate. Don't worry, guys. No one in this room, no one watched me online. We're talking about, you know, the the median, which, you know, that you guys are so so many standard deviations above. Don't worry. But that's concerning. Right? Yeah. Yeah. But, like, but, like, this this role of, like, like, level 59, you know, engineer at Microsoft used to be this, like, super stable job. If you do that job, all the adults in your life will be like, good job. You made the safe choice, the prudent choice. But one of the things I've been noodling a lot is, is that actually the safe choice? Is it possible that the world has become inverted and the career path that seemed to be, like, the lowest risk, most safe path might not be anymore. Yeah. I think, like, one thing that's gonna be interesting to this audience is that there's one theory. There's Brian Kaplan has this theory on education. I think it's Brian Kaplan at least. It's, like, where it's basically all about it's credentialing, but it's actually a very specific thing that's being credentialed. It's like what colleges are credentialing to employers is that, these people graduate our program, which means that they can, like, show up to a place on time and, like, perform a series of instructions and, you know, not do too many drugs and, like, kind of, like, make it through, which is, like, the kind of people you wanna hire. Like, they'll turn up. They'll do the job. And If if you're Microsoft. Yeah. Like, you're the Fang. Like, I think like any company at scale starts like that's actually what they are hiring is like you went to a good college, which means that you can like do things reliably and follow instructions well. It's pretty clear now in the AI world that like the AI is very good at following instructions. And it's probably gonna be hard for humans to compete with the AI on just, like, following instructions reliably, in which case people here need to think about what are they gonna get out of their college experience that goes beyond just kind of showing up, passing the test, following the instructions really, really well. Like, it's gonna require how do you know to do things yourself and how do you have, like, agency and independence? Because that's actually the stuff that's gonna matter in, like, I think, a post AI world. And I think the thing that happened is, Jared and I went on this college tour as well. And what's happening is that a lot of the CS curriculum is actually quite outdated. Like, how many of you in the audience, if you're still in in in college, do your courses even allow use of a cursor? Yeah. How how many, like, forbid you to use cursor and, like, vibe coding tools in your CS classes? Oh, yeah. Way more hands. Yeah. Yeah. And this is the future, and those are the kinds of skills that are now They're coming they're quite literally prohibiting the students from learning the tools that they are going to need in the future. It's crazy. It's like Google's world of When the Internet first came out, a lot of teachers would say you're not allowed to use Google. Totally. Yeah. Which is unfathomable today. Yeah. And I think to Harj's point, a lot of the most crack students, as we were meeting them and all these, we had we had some some events that were that were hosted, they had this, the sense of walking on the side and working in a lot of side projects, to your point, Harsha, about having a lot of agency. You learn a lot more in the process of building a lot of projects on the side rather than at school. How many of you had learned way more on independent projects than at school? Yeah. All of these. Alright. We picked the right people. Sweet. What you guys think is the answer to Gary's question? Is this the last window to get rich? Being intentionally honest, one of our sort of colleagues, Paul Buchheit, pointed this out, where it's there's sort of a floor in the logic, potentially. Like, if this is actually the last window to make money and get rich, then you're basically implying that, you know, like, that we're gonna get some definition of AGI or ASI or whatever you wanna call it. That's, like, a necessary condition for that to be true. Like, in which case, we're probably gonna have, like, bigger like, you know, there's gonna be a lot more going on than just figuring out like how to make this like human money. I think that's a concept that Paul talks a lot about is that in a world where the machines can do everything that's better than humans, like what value will they even be in human money? In which case, why does it matter that you're gonna race to accumulate, like, the human money now? The game itself might change. The you know, you sort of you grow up. You go to college. You graduate. You go work. You get a job. You buy a house. You have a mortgage. All this stuff. And then, you know, one of the weirder things that I see people critique San Francisco about is somehow this belief that San Francisco itself is about, like, credential maxing, which I don't I mean, I the part the part of San Francisco I wanna spend time with is, like, not really about that. Yeah. But I can see the critique. In general, I don't think people do their best work out of fear, but you do it out of, like, more positive motivations who are excited about stuff. And so I don't think my advice to anyone here would be you should drop out of college and work on an AI startup because it's gonna be your last chance to make money before, I don't know, like, the event horizon hits us. I do think something that's interesting to note is just, like, the how quickly, like, AI startups can grow is definitely something we've talked about. But if you think about something I've been thinking about recently, like, all of us actually were in college. Like, we would you'd always have speakers come back, like startup founders who were, like, a year or two out of college come back and speak and you hear from them. And I kinda remember that the milestone to hit when you were, like, a year or two out of college having worked on your startup was, like, raising a series a round of funding. And we'd have, like, the Dropbox founder come back and say, like, yeah. I raised, a series a, and it's, like, really, really cool. And then it sort of became, okay. Well, actually, like, maybe a couple of years out of college, you could raise, like, a series b or a series c. If you fast forward today, it's like you've got the cursor founder a couple of years out of college coming back with a $10,000,000,000 company. But again, it's like the the pace It's the order of magnitude. Yeah. It's like the orders of magnitude difference. Right? So I actually think a far more exciting reason to think about, you know, should I start a company or should I join, like, one of these fast growing companies is just, the time like, how much you can get done a year or two, like, out of college is orders of magnitude higher than it was even a few years ago. I think that's, like, for a certain type of person, a very, like, exciting moving factor. I like that a lot, Harj. I think that's why Sam said at the beginning of the of the event yesterday, this is the best fucking time in history to start a company. Yeah. Well, the interesting thing about credential maxing and or what's happening now is that raising a series a is a credential that kind of gets bestowed by fancy VC, you know, driving a Ferrari down Sandhill Road or something. Right? Like, that's something that's external to outcomes, and often it's, you know, really like the shooting of a a starting line gun as opposed to, like, something to celebrate in and of itself. The really big difference today is that the very best companies that we get to see day to day, they're like, I don't know, five people, 10 people. I think, you know, each of us on stage and all of the YC partners are sort of collecting incredible startups that we get to work with that went from 0 to 10,000,000, 12,000,000 a year revenue. Like, that's net revenue. Like, it just goes in the bank. So you basically get the equivalent of an entire series a. And instead of this fake credential thing where some fancy person on Twitter with lots of followers, you know, blesses you and suddenly, like, all these people, you know, TechCrunch says, like, the new hottest founder. And you know what? Like, those are all external things that are not actually connected to real business or having an impact on anyone. It's fake. Right? It's the fake credential. And then the cool thing now is that that is actually very directly being replaced by people making things that, you know, people not only really need, but they're willing to pay a lot of money for. This is like a very good point. Sort of instead of taking the leap out of fear that this is the only time, taking it from from a place of approaching and really going after something where this is really an exciting time to be a builder. We've seen crazy growth unlike anything, only possible with right now with AI. Like, all these companies that we work with, 0 to 12,000,000 in twelve months. The cursor story where they went zero to one in one year, the next one, one to a 100. Yeah. Is, like, unprecedented in tech history though. B to b SaaS companies. It didn't used to be the case that b to b SaaS companies were the ones that had hyper growth. Like Yeah. There were some, like, consumer social companies that got hyper growth. But, like, b to b SaaS used to be this, like, you know, plotting, slow growing, like, kinda thing. Now there's this weird inversion. It's the b to b SaaS companies that are the, like, the hyper growth one. I think what we're saying is a lot of times is, founders who are living in the future at the cutting edge, who are winning here because you have to sort of build the taste to build something good. And you don't get taught some of those things in school. Another, like, on that front, like, something very specifically we're seeing is that to build any products, you you always need some combination of, like, domain expertise, which is really just, like, understand your customer really well and understanding space you're building in and understanding the market really well and then technical expertise to actually build the product. And it feels like pre AI thing shifted where sort of the technical expertise wasn't that important because it was most of the software was, like, web software, and it became fairly straightforward to build web software. And, actually, all the value was in how much, like, domain expertise you have. Like, do you have relationships with the customers you're going after? Do you have some edge on how to sell to them because everyone you're selling to has already got, like, 10 roughly equivalent products being sold to them? And that actually made it quite hard, I think, for college students to be able to, like, go and compete for, like you can't, like, compete on with Salesforce for, a CRM or go build, like, the best appointment booking software for health care practices. Like, all of these things were just very saturated. And now I think what we're seeing is with AI, there's this promise of, hey. Like, this is more than software. Like, this can do, like, the work of people. It's, magic. But, like, it's actually quite hard to do that reliably. And so there's been this flip of where the technical expertise is now actually really, like, the missing piece for a lot of these things. And we consistently see, at least in YC, that college students are actually at the forefront of this stuff. Like, actually understanding how to use the models and how to squeeze the performance consistently out of the models is something that even, like, you know, PhDs and people who are really experienced don't get. I think maybe that's why Elon had that sort of look yesterday when he was talking about researchers versus engineers. Yeah. It's like it's actually in the engineering, and it's like working on the projects and, like, building real things is where you get the expertise. Yeah. I had a lot of college students ask me over the last two days, like, hey. I don't have domain expertise in any particular area because I haven't worked in industry that much. Like, what idea should I work on? And, like, how do I basically, like, how do how do I get enough domain expertise to, like, do something interesting? Or what advice would you have for folks in that position, Hajj, based on on that insight? I think Gary's got, like, a great point on this. It's basically, like, become, like, a forward deployed engineer. Right? Yeah. Just I mean, go undercover, I guess. Like, go go and figure out what people actually need. And, yeah, there are just too many examples of billion dollar startups that we got to see. I mean, I always think about Flexport. Here's this guy who literally became one of the top importers of medical hot tubs. I don't think anyone wakes up and graduates and decides, hey, I really need to become one of the foremost importexporters of medical hot tubs. But he did it. They also think, were one of the first e the biggest ebike importer. But then, you know, basically being in weird parts in the economy caused them to understand just things that that the the other person you know, the sort of 10,000 other people who wanna start startups, they didn't have that knowledge. And so sort of your ability if you're here, your inherent ability already is one part of the Venn diagram, and then the other part is just something weird. It's literally just like, where does your interest come from? Like, I'm really taken by to what degree both OpenAI and SpaceX, for instance, were, you know, the genesis came from, like, interest and a hunch and just, like, not really any commercial intent. And yet, you know, coming out the other side, that was enough to attract the smartest people in the world, attract capital, and then really create, you know, the most enduring businesses in the world. And the other thing that I've seen that's pretty cool is just I've just seen a lot of college students go from having, like, no domain expertise in an area to being, like, total experts in, a month or two at YC. And I think people maybe don't give themselves enough credit for how quickly you can become an expert in something if you're just smart and you learn fast and you just make, like, a concerted effort. I think the door is more open now than ever. Like, you kinda go back to, yeah, in a world where, like, any domain let's make it more like, you know, if you're trying to build software for dentists, as a random example, pre AI, it was just like people were being pitched with so many different software products that they weren't actually that receptive to, like, some college students promising some software and wanted to come, like, learn and, like, work in the office and understand, how it works. It's like, yeah. Like, like, 20 software vendors or, like, telling me the same thing. But now because, like, AI has captured the mat like, the imagination of everybody, everyone, like, wants to know what's possible and are consistently underwhelmed by what, like, the established software companies can offer them. But they're open to, like, college students just coming in and like Well, because the college students are selling them pure magic. Yeah. So I had three founders in the last batch, actually, that are building quite literally like AI agents for dentists. Yeah. None of them like, think their only experience with dentists is they went to a dentist. And but it was exactly what you said, Hajj. Like, they're literally selling these dentists like magic in a bottle. And so, like, of course, the dentist will spend their time because if it works, it's, like, just incredible for their business. Which kinda just comes back to the agency thing because it's, like, the thing, like, in order to build these products, in order to go out and, like, build, like, the future big companies, you just kinda just have to let the agency to be like, oh, yeah. Like, I'm actually gonna go do the, like, undercover agent or Yeah. Fully deployed engineer, and I'm just gonna go, like, camp out in, like, someone's office and just see how they do their jobs and learn how to do it and learn how to, like, build it with AI. What about some pitfalls, like things that would prevent people from exercising their agency or exposing themselves to, you know, the real economy. I think one of the things that keeps coming back to my mind is having a lot of these conversations with recent grads or college students. I think there's this arc of a lot of you trying to figure out what to do with your life. And through most of your life, you've been conditioned to kinda just pass test, study for the exam, do the homework, and it's sort of like all these very constrained boxes that you have to check. And then you treat startups or your next job sort of like another test or exam that a lot of the rules are predetermined and you just have to go check the boxes. But that's the complete wrong mental model for it. Because the problem is that when you go after building and tackling a big problem, it is a open wide space. There's no rules. You get to create it. I mean, the good thing about startups is plus and minuses. You have agency to design what you're gonna go after. Set your goals instead of, like, some authority figure to, like, oh, you need to do this, this, and that. And we get asked questions like, oh, what should I look like in order to raise money? That is such a student question. Sort of like there's some sort of bar, like, by some higher power. Guess what? There's no adults in the room. It's you. You're in control. And you get to design those rules, and you can go as fast as possible. You don't have to have, like, oh, we have to do this, this, and this, and check the marks, and get there. It's really you design it. You're in control. I think there are two very dangerous forms of, like, credentialism that you create for yourself that we see that well, actually, like, we'd really like to warn you guys about. One is I mean, I think we already talked about, like, making raising money from investors, like, somehow the the biggest goal. I mean, including us, by the way. It's like Yeah. You know, that we're just people to help you, and we think we can help you a lot. But once you turn that into sort of the idol that you have to achieve, then that's just missing the whole point. And I think that that's quite dangerous. The other thing that we we're kind of concerned about is there are, like, entrepreneurship programs at some of your campuses. Some of them might take you to wild exotic places for retreats. We're not gonna name them. But, like, in full transparency, I'm very worried about them because what we're coming we're coming to understand is they are teaching you to lie. And that is at a moment when literally all of software is changing and that software is the most empowering thing in the world, why do you have to lie? I understand in a world of, like, contracting capability, in a world where there's less money, where there's, you know, fewer and fewer jobs, I kinda get it. It's very zero sum. We're at the most open, like, sort of abundance oriented, like, mindset thing that is happening right now. Like, literally, here is hyper, hyperempowered. You don't have to play by those old rules anymore. You don't have to lie to investors. You don't have to, like, fake it till you make it. Like, you know, I worry that some of these programs are just literally trying to teach people to become more, you know, SPFs and Theranoses. And that's like, you know, that's a waste of time. Like and you're gonna go to jail. Also, a lot of these entrepreneurship programs, they do what Diana said, which is like entrepreneurship programs, especially ones that are not started not run by founders, you know, all of us were were were startup founders. They they basically teach entrepreneurship like it was a course. Like like it was just a series of tests to pass a series of check boxes to to check. Anytime you try to bottle up entrepreneurship and, like, teach it as a college course, that's kinda what you end up with is, like, basically, like, a a sort of like cheap facsimile of entrepreneurship where like they teach you to like, you know, follow a particular method or a particular practice. And that's just not what startups are actually like. I just think about that Jay Z line. It's like everybody wanna tell you how to do it. They never did it. True. A riff on that that I'm curious to get people's opinions on. Maybe especially Gary, actually. Something that is clearly different, I feel, about the age we live in today versus, say, ten years ago is just social media and using social media as a way to, like, amplify your message and your brand. This is actually something came up at dinner last night is how much in the early stages when you're building a product, like, should you focus in on kinda, like, building the product and going one by one to get users all of the kind of, like, traditional start up advice versus trying to cultivate sort of like a following or a brand or attention like online. And like, you know, ten years ago spend thousands of dollars on a video. Like spend like higher production launch videos and like, lots of follow like, lots of follows on Twitter racks. And, certainly, I think it's more confusing now because that wasn't even an option before, and you definitely see people succeeding at the getting the online, like, attention and people talking about, like, the company. What do they call it? Aura farming? Is that what they're calling I've said. Alright. We're getting lost. Maybe that's the the phrase. Yeah. It is, like, aura farming, I guess. Yeah. I'm curious what you think, Gary. All I care about is, like, what's real and what you can, you know, touch and see and feel. And, you know, think about the area under the curve of utility that you could contribute to society. And you can always just look at that as ground truth. And everything else is simulacrum. It is not real. It is like media. It is fake. It is a credential. It is a thing that represents something. And yet, like, if you look deeper into it, it's nothing. Like, there's nothing. When you think about SBF, when you think about Theranos, when you think about the things that truly disgrace us as people who create technology, when you when you peel back a little bit, you realize there's nothing. This was just simulacrum. It was a fucking lie. I don't want that for us. Like, the you know, people outside of this room, the world at large looks at tech, and they hate us sometimes because those are the people who represent us. And I say not for me. They don't represent us. I think that's a no on social media. I mean, I think social media is really great. I mean, I'm clearly extremely addicted to it, and it's done some really great things for me, some terrible things too. But I, you know, I think that, you know, you do have to tell your story. Like, I think one of the more important things that is the gift is that you can tell your own story. Like, in fact, that you have to. Like, the second you rely on someone else to tell your story, it's gonna be great, great, great. And then when you don't have that voice, like, someone's gonna take that you know, there's the world wants to you know, the the only thing it loves more than, like, you know, a a story of, like, of becoming is one of unbecoming. And if you don't have that voice and you can't go direct, you know, they're gonna do that to you. And so better to start. Right? Like, you know, I I think working backwards, the thing that was most helpful for me, you know, obviously, for my startup, but we try to encourage all of our startups to do this, is you can sort of work backwards from the outcome that you want. Like, I actually think Apple does this really, really well. Like, they don't commit to doing a feature until they have, you know, a product manager who says, this is who it's for, and this is the the problem it's gonna solve. Right? And you can actually turn that into going direct. So, you know, let's say you have a one week or two week sprint. It's all too easy to just say, look, like, here's my bug list and here's my backlog, and I'm gonna fix these 10 bugs. But a much more powerful version of this is let's work backwards from what I want to put on x. I'm going to make a very simple Loom video showing off a feat of strength, a thing that I really wanna share that I know our team can do. And then working backwards from that, the next two weeks, that's all we're going to do. Like, you could storyboard it. It's like, it's going to do this. Right? You can work like, basically, at that point, media and PM and design can be all the same thing. You know, it's connected to users. It's connected to communication. It's connected to what your product will do for people, and then you build it. And you can just basically rinse and repeat like that. If you can do two week sprints of working backwards from a really powerful, not flashy, Loom video of what you did in the last two weeks, you can do this all for each other. And we can create a culture that is not about flash, but about substance. Yeah. We got a question over here. I'm a big fan of Gary and Jared. So Jared actually inspired me Okay. Brutal. For my But start I just wanted some advice because I'm kinda going through a dilemma right now. So I've been working on a start up for the past month, and I'm I'm going to my third year of uni for context. But so yesterday at one of the after parties, which I'm not gonna disclose the name because you guys are probably gonna apply to it, but I was pretty much pitched my idea to one of the founders. And he basically said, like, you know, drop out of school and come work for me, move to San Francisco. So I'm really stuck between like, what do I wanna do? Like, what's the right choice? Like, do I continue university and then go to San Francisco and then, know, grind the startup life? Or do I drop out now? Because I'm already halfway done. I'm not almost finished with college or anything. I'm already halfway there. So do I drop out and just work and then just move on from there? I think the most important thing is do you trust them, and is it actually a good startup? So which is kind of a hard question to answer like like this. But like what, you know Well, if it's one of ours, it must be a good start Right. Is it a YC start up? Yeah. Oh, you should probably do it. No. I mean, more seriously, I mean I don't know. How would you like, when you think about, like, where someone should go, like, what would you say? Think, Derek, good answer. Derek? I'd add one one third criteria, Gary. I I dropped out of college to do Y Combinator and do a start up. I think in addition to the two ones that Gary said, the third one for you to consider is, like, do you really like being in college? Which is like obvious. But like, actually He does. Yeah. Okay. Like like, I I think I think like like Hart was saying earlier, when college students are thinking about dropping out and they're making it in a fear they're making a fear based decision. They have FOMO about startups happening in San Francisco. Maybe their friend dropped out and they're worried that they're gonna miss out. I don't know that those are the best decisions. Some of those people actually do end up regretting it versus when I dropped out of college. I got out of college because I was bored of college. I'd done three years of college. I felt like I had gotten out of it what I wanted from the experience, I was just a lot more excited to build real technology for real people. And I felt that regardless of whether the startup that I was working on succeeded or not, I wouldn't regret leaving college because I was just kinda ready to move on to the next stage of my life. So I think if you can if you if you can honestly feel that way, then maybe it does make sense for you to drop out. I think if you feel you're done exploring living alternative life paths, what I mean by that? Like, it's like you tried an internship working at a big tech company. You tried an internship at a startup. You tried another internship to start a company, or you tried another one doing research. If you feel you fulfill the chessboard and the land of what your life could be and you explore everything, I think it's fine. But if you still have a bit of a inkling, it's like, oh, maybe I wanna try what doing research research is like. I think maybe not yet. But if you're super sure you wanna have a career in tech or startups, then maybe it's fine, to to Jared's point. He's like, you already did that life, alternate life path. I feel like I got lucky. And then because I ended up at Palantir, and these things ended up being super successful. But in the moment, like, you know, I could have just got you know, Palantir could have been a bad start up, actually, and I didn't even think about it. So, like, thinking back on what I should have been thinking of when I was, you know, 22, 23, it's actually really important to try to be at the most dominant places. Actually, mean, the power law for startups is so intense that if you're gonna go work at a start I do actually think that you should try to go work at At a really good startup. A really good startup. Totally. Like, objectively, you should make literally a spreadsheet. You should, you know, go down and, like, evaluate it the way an investor would. And then the difference is the investor has a portfolio and you just have one life. And likewise, when you start a startup, you should not try to start a startup just to be the median startup. The median startup is dead. Like you actually if you're gonna do it, you need to be like the you know, you need to work at superlative places with superlative people, and then that's the only way that, like, good things happen. And, you know, I I got lucky, I feel like. I you know, later in my life, I became much more of a heat seeking missile. Like, you know, I think that that's why I was drawn to YC itself. Was like, this is a place that has an energy that I've never experienced, even at Stanford or even at Palantir, that I just wanted to be here. And I became much more of a heat seeker seeking missile for, like that type of this is gonna be huge. But I wish at 22, I lucked out. My friends went to college with they started a company with Peter Thiel, so that was just very lucky. That's Diana's thing is, you know, she likes to fund lucky startups. So Just get lucky. And I think you get a lot more lucky by being in San Francisco Yep. And working around really smart people. I want to ask, Gary, you talked about, like, that level 59 job at Microsoft. And your parents are proud, you have health insurance. And at some point, have to decide, okay, I'm done with this. I wanna go start a company. And you work at something maybe at night, after work, can't really go out on LinkedIn and advertise it because your boss would see it. But at what point do you say, I have enough here. I can really go quit my job, start spending down to a savings, and go do something? You're much more responsible than I am. I had $50,000 in credit card debt, and I had the nicest apartment in Queen Anne, and I bought a brand new Honda, and it was very stupid. And so I had to go get a job, and I couldn't start a startup. I needed my friends to pull me out of that situation. So I mean, I think you want, I don't know, at least six, maybe nine months minimum of just being able to live on ramen in the cheapest possible way. And then at that point, the money in your bank is just capital that you think of. And so that's probably what I would want. And then the other thing is I would try to bring on I would wanna work with the smartest possible people. I know this is a big internet debate. It's like, do you need a cofounder? Honestly, if it's your first startup, I I wouldn't I would never start like, my second or third startup, sure. I could do it, like, alone. I, you know, have connections. I know who to hire, like, all this stuff. If it were my first, I would not try to do it alone because there's just too much going on. There's like, the the gradient of things that you need to learn is too wide, and you need to go you need to go together. Yeah. And in my experience for people who are your age who have like already graduated college or working at some company, that's the biggest limiting factor in practice for them actually doing a company is they and their cofounder both need to be willing to quit their jobs and go in on a startup at the same time. It's just like a timing problem. And cofounders are hard to find, and it's hard to make that timing line up. So my advice would be like, if you if you and your co if that does line up for you and you and your co founder are both in a point in your life where you're like able to quit your jobs and go all in, you should probably just do it because it literally might not ever happen again. It's actually that hard to do. Hey, guys. Well, first of all, thank you for for the event. My voice is a bit cracked because of talking too much over the over the past few days. We're actually talking to the CEO of Strava yesterday at one of the after parties, and he mentioned that they started being a very niche startup. And I've taken a look at all the Y Combinator startups over the years, and it looks like they're getting increasingly niche. So I was just wondering, like, what do you think like, what's your take on on on being super niche at the beginning and then expanding? And how do you know, like, how niche you have to be in the beginning? Being niche at the start has actually always been, like, the recipe to succeed. But even in the YC world, kinda like, the current biggest company by market cap is Airbnb. And Airbnb was like the definition of niche when it started. Like, it was literally air beds in people's living rooms. Right? During conferences. Yeah. During conferences. So, like, I'm not sure I can get more niche than that. Democratic conferences. Yeah. Democratic conferences. Yeah. So, like and it obviously it turns out that that expanded into just being this, like, monster company that's taking over all of travel. But there's even less obvious examples of this where people don't realize that things that seem huge now were niche at the beginning. Stripe actually, in a sense, obviously, it's payments, of course, it's a big market. But actually, when they first started, it was like an API for developers. And the only thing that differentiated it from Braintree was that you could take payments instantly. And people actually didn't think that that was much of a wedge. It was like, oh, okay. Sure. If I'm working on a weekend project, I'll care a lot about that. But, like, big businesses aren't gonna care about that. They're fine to wait two weeks to get, like, their merchant account. And so it's always been the case that niches have been the right way to start actually, and to dominate a niche and find ways to, like, expand into, like, adjacent markets and grow into a big company, I think is, like, the recipe. And Brian Chesky quotes a lot of some of the best advice he got from PG during the batch was to really hone in to find 10 people that love your product much better than, I don't know, 100 randos. And a lot of companies start like that. You want to find those maximalist users that really obsess with you, and you iterate on those. I mean, Coinbase was also very niche. Yeah. Coinbase was classic niche because crypto itself was small and fringe. And even within that, they were building for what people thought was a nonexistent market, essentially. It was just, like, regular people who wanted a nice user interface to, like, buy and hold Bitcoin. It was, like oxymoron. The Regular people who Yeah. It was, like, base yeah. The the conventional wisdom was just people who wanna use it to, like, launder money and buy drugs. And it like, okay. No. There's, like, other use cases for it. But with AI more than ever, by the way, like, I think that niche is the way to go because no one really knows how big the markets are. And it does seem like things that seem like they were niche before AI, you can get people to pay you a lot, lot more money for because they're not just buying software. They're buying, like, work from you. And so find the niche you're really interested in, optimize for your, like, passion and interest in it, and just pull on that thread. This is, like, actually a really powerful moment because literally you have 130 I I you know, I think of o three as basically about a 130 IQ. Maybe o three pro can be even smarter than that. When I really think about that, it's like, oh, yeah. Like, lot of the people who I've ever hired in my lifetime are like, yeah, o three is smarter than that person now. And then you can basically take that and connect it to the proprietary data systems of almost any niche, and the more weird and unlikely for someone like someone in this room to know about it, the more likely that will be a durable enough moat that you can get a foot you know, you can basically get you can wedge you yourself in there. And then, basically, all you need is a wedge, and then you just basically expand that wedge until you have the pie. Thank you guys so much for coming out. Go ahead and build awesome stuff.